# Characterization-of-top-down-communication-in-smart-cities
Natural language processing-based characterization of top-down communication in smart cities for enhancing citizen alignment


Many city governments have implemented promising smart initiatives to make cities more efficient, livable, and ecological. To harness the full potential of smart city initiatives, it is vital for policymakers to align citizens with the project objectives. However, due to a lack of understanding on top-down communication efforts, policymakers still encounter difficulties in aligning citizens with their development strategies. To fill such knowledge gaps, this study comprehensively characterizes and classifies top-down announcements formulated by city developers into six alignment categories (i.e., smart economy, smart people, smart governance, smart mobility, smart environment, and smart living) using natural language processing. The proposed framework consists of five main processes: (1) web scraping-based extraction of announcements of four smart cities – Boston, Helsinki, Seoul, and Taipei, (2) text data preprocessing, (3) latent Dirichlet allocation-based modeling of strategic topics, (4) quantification of inter-topic similarities using Hellinger distance, and (5) comparison of top-down communication trends with real-world levels of urban performance. Through the comparative analysis of top-down communication trends and actual urban performances, the authors identified the main strategic topics that require intensive top-down announcement efforts for enhancing citizen alignment. Furthermore, inter-topic similarities were also quantified to reflect whether communication strategies are multidisciplinary and city-tailored. In conclusion, the findings of this study can enhance our understanding and provide workable guidance for future smart city development.
